Les 47 fichiers restant triés par taille décroissante.
vendor\guzzlehttp\psr7\src\functions.php 27k
vendor\guzzlehttp\psr7\src\Uri.php 22k
vendor\react\event-loop\src\LoopInterface.php 19k
vendor\composer\ClassLoader.php 14k
vendor\psr\http-message\src\UriInterface.php 13k
vendor\react\event-loop\src\StreamSelectLoop.php 10k
vendor\react\promise\src\functions.php 9k
vendor\react\promise\src\Promise.php 9k
vendor\psr\http-message\src\MessageInterface.php 7k
vendor\guzzlehttp\psr7\src\MessageTrait.php 6k
vendor\ratchet\pawl\src\Connector.php 6k
vendor\psr\http-message\src\RequestInterface.php 5k
vendor\react\socket\src\Connector.php 5k
vendor\react\socket\src\ConnectorInterface.php 5k
vendor\react\socket\src\StreamEncryption.php 5k
vendor\react\socket\src\TcpConnector.php 5k
vendor\composer\autoload_static.php 4k
vendor\guzzlehttp\psr7\src\Request.php 4k
vendor\composer\autoload_real.php 3k
vendor\react\event-loop\src\Timer\Timers.php 3k
vendor\react\promise\src\RejectedPromise.php 3k
vendor\react\promise-timer\src\functions.php 3k
vendor\react\socket\src\SecureConnector.php 3k
vendor\ralouphie\getallheaders\src\getallheaders.php 2k
vendor\ratchet\rfc6455\src\Handshake\ClientNegotiator.php 2k
vendor\ratchet\rfc6455\src\Handshake\ResponseVerifier.php 2k
vendor\react\event-loop\src\Factory.php 2k
vendor\react\event-loop\src\SignalsHandler.php  2k
vendor\react\event-loop\src\Tick\FutureTickQueue.php 2k
vendor\react\event-loop\src\Timer\Timer.php 2k
vendor\react\promise\src\Deferred.php 2k
vendor\react\promise\src\FulfilledPromise.php  2k
vendor\react\socket\src\TimeoutConnector.php 2k
vendor\guzzlehttp\psr7\src\functions_include.php 1k
vendor\ratchet\pawl\src\functions.php  1k
vendor\ratchet\pawl\src\functions_include.php 1k
vendor\react\event-loop\src\TimerInterface.php 1k
vendor\react\promise\src\CancellablePromiseInterface.php 1k
vendor\react\promise\src\ExtendedPromiseInterface.php 1k
vendor\react\promise\src\functions_include.php 1k
vendor\react\promise\src\PromiseInterface.php 1k
vendor\react\promise\src\PromisorInterface.php 1k
vendor\react\promise-timer\src\functions_include.php 1k
vendor\react\promise-timer\src\TimeoutException.php 1k
gettoken.php 
settings.php
vendor\autoload.php 
